Add TLS in TiDB Dashboard documentation (#3706)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/dashboard-ops-security.md

It is recommended that you see [Use TiDB Dashboard behind a Reverse Proxy](/dashboard/dashboard-ops-reverse-proxy.md) to learn a safe and recommended reverse proxy configuration.

## Enable TLS for reverse proxy

> To further enhance the security of the transport layer, you can enable TLS for reverse proxy, and introduce mTLS to verify users' certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To further enhance the security of the transport layer, you can enable TLS for reverse proxy, and even introduce mTLS to authenticate user certificates.
```
